Jeremiah Locke

1) The word that follows happy the most is song.

2) The word that follows sad the most is to.

3) There are 6 unique words that follow computer.

4) All 6 of the words are tied.

5) All the words follow computer 1 time.

6) happy song for a in the dark the dark the dark the dark the dark the dark the dark the dark

7) sad to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be 

8) hey mr of night and i want love a in the dark the dark the dark the dark the dark the

9) little of night and i want love a in the dark the dark the dark the dark the dakr the dark

10) I see that after a few begging words it beggings to just repeat itself. I see the dark and to be repeating the most.

11) little christmas tree christmas tree christmas tree christmas tree christmas tree christmas 
tree christmas tree christmas tree christmas tree christmas tree

12) It kinda of fixed it. it stopped repeating the words it did the first time and began repeating new words.

13) love you i want love you i want love you i want love you i want love you i want love

14) Well i dont see the stop words showing up and repeating like before but now i have new words repeating.

16) I like how some things are very simple and yet quite powerful to use.

17) I don't like how some things have to be formatted when using them but that is just because 
i have used java for so long that is what im comfortable using.

18) I liked how i got to use the command promt to execute my program cuz that was new to me and i found
it nice.

19) I spent about 10 hrs.

20) I don't know if I will. If I have more classes that use it I deffently will, but I am not sure what I
will be doing for a career so I don't know.

21) love you i want love you i want love you i want love you i want love you i want love. I got the same
title and I didn't remove the 20 word count.

22) hi ho perso nella falegname fossi io te esa dado ha gli amanti di rondine il siviglia di rondine piume di

23)We started out just doing parts of it on our own cuz we didnt really have time to get together but then 
on the weekends we could get together and we would go over what we have and what we needed and go about doing it.
David and I have worked on projects together in the past and we work fairly well together.

David: 10